well well I'm Trevor I play James on the
next step
and I'm from Kitchener my mom actually
owns a dance studio in Kitchener and
when I was about four or five years old
she just threw me into dance and for the
first four years or so I really didn't
appreciate it and tell us about twelve
or thirteen that's what I I really found
a passion for hip hop
break dancing tap basically all of it
but mostly to pop and break dancing and
I really just started to try out it and
it is basically become my passion now
yeah so I'm Isaac
I play Elden on the next step and I sort
of have the same kind of background as
Trevor does my parents own a dance
studio in Oakville and they funny story
I was actually thrown on stage at like
11 months old just to be in this number
like just for an added little feature so
I can technically say I've been
performing since 11 months old whole
like oh yeah pretty much
yeah and actually like literally the
same thing happened to me first couple
of years was not interested in it I was
just you know kind of just doing flips
and not really more passionate
yeah just like being a boy and then when
I was about 13 years old I realized my
passion for mostly like the more
technical stuff like jazz and ballet and
contemporary and stuff like that and
then it really started to spread and to
now I love doing hip-hop I love tapping
I love like tumbling and just doing
everything that I possibly can
James James plays he plays a cool guy
plays the cool popular guy obviously
he's really into the ladies eyes pretty
flirtatious a little eyes into the
ladies he James for the majority of the
show doesn't pay attention to any of the
drama there's a lot of drama that goes
on he more she stays outside of the
drama he deals with his own problems and
doesn't get involved in everyone else's
and James yeah so Eldon
Alvin's an interesting character he you
know he's kind of a dance nerd he's kind
of always dancing that's all he really
thinks about and he is kind of a nerdy
personality I guess he tries to get some
ladies that he can't possibly get ever
and ask them out every day and gets
rejected every day but for the most part
he's just a he just lives and breathes
dance and that's his thing that's all he
does
like I mean when you're filming the
scene everything seems really real like
you may actually feel really pissed off
and the scene just because you know the
whole thing it kind of feels real but
once the like director will yell cut it
all stops and we all know that we're all
like a big family and there's no real
like drama behind the scenes so yeah I
think yeah I used to totally right I
mean personally for my character he he
often throws away drama I mean it'll
come to him but he he kind of just
surpasses it and he doesn't he doesn't
pay attention to it even when it's
important for him to pay its edits to it
he just kind of just throws it out the
window
but like Isaac just said when we when I
didn't deal with drama scenes I really
would get into the character and it's
weird because for example if I was doing
a sad scene and the scene was over I
found myself sad for like the next
couple hours weird and really get into
it yeah that's good
but of course also like you said behind
the scenes were all just a really good
tight group of friends yeah
majority of the character it was based
around my skill sets personally I find
that it also was around for most of the
other cast some of them were a little
more exaggerated but basically it's just
an exaggeration of our own skill set so
personally I really do have a love for
hip-hop very similar to James hmm and
same for me I'm kind of a dance nerd I
I'm always watching videos and I'm into
everything and so is Eldon he likes to
do everything from hip-hop to ballet to
contemporary to jazz so yeah I think it
yeah I mean it pretty much is based
around our skill set
personally I would just tell them to
basically just just start doing it I
mean even just turn on the music it's
here your body moves so it groove to the
music feel it and just enjoy bands take
some classes and see what part of dance
you really love because for dance of
course it's an art for every individual
person
it's very personal so they portray dance
how they want to write so I would
honestly just tell them to discover it
for yourself it's an endless discovery
for you to discover yeah I would say one
of the biggest things is just to try as
many things as you can like go take a
hip hop class and then go take a ballet
class and go take a tap class because
even like some of the best ballet
dancers I've seen I'll see them five
years later and they are the most
ridiculous hip-hop dancers I have ever
seen my life so it's like you never
really know what your true passion is
unless you try everything you really go
out and reach out to every area of the
dance world and then just find your
passion and stick with it whether it's
one style or all styles and do your
research and go and take classes from
choreographers you late